Like I just mentioned now that we've got this expanded piece of information about the movie.
We're going to start to write out a lot of different HCM L to get that kind of structure right there.
We're going to end up printing out several different properties about the movie that are not shown inside
this mockup.
So in reality we're not going to only show the box office taking critic rating.
We're also going to show stuff like the awards that the movie won and the number of votes that it's
gotten on MTV.
The rating on MTV and so on.
So couple other elements besides what is just pictured inside of your now I'm going to tell you right
up front that we're going to write out a lot of each team out to get this structure inside this video
all the e-mail that we are about to write in all the class names are essentially taken directly from
the boma CSX framework.
Remember we discussed that this project is using this framework a little bit ago.
So essentially I went through I looked took a look at all the documentation and I figured out some HMO
structure and class names they would give us something that looks like this right here.
So I'm not making up all these class names and whatnot off the top of my head instead.
These are all corresponding to styling sets that are included inside of home.
OK.
So let's go back over year on movie select right here.
That's where we just got our response with all the information about one particular movie.
So we're going to take that object right there pull off a ton of different properties from it and stick
it into some big HMO snippets.
This is going to end up being a lot of HDL.
So rather than stuffing it all inside of on movie select I'm going to instead make another helper function
called Movie template.
I'm going to receive an argument to this function that I will call movie detail.
I'm calling it movie detail right here.
Just to be clear that argument is going to be this really big object with all the specific properties
of a movie just to distinguish between the movie objects that we had back up here.
This movie object right here is more like a movie summary.
It just has the title the poster and like year and one or two other properties.
That's pretty much it.
So I just want to have these two different variable names movie versus movie detail to indicate that
this is just like an abbreviated object of all the different movie properties.
This is like the detailed object about all the different movies properties then I'm going to inside
of here movie template I'm going to return a multi line string.
So once again set it back ticks.
And inside there we're going to write out a whole bunch of HCM CML.
And again this is all about getting that content right there on the screen.
So let's get to it.
Lot of writing they're going to write that out rather quickly.
Please triple check your spelling as you're going through this.
I'm going to do an article with a class of media or close off the article I'll put in a figure with
a class of media dash left.
Close up the figure I'm going to do a paragraph element with a class of image
and side there in image but they S.R. see I'm going to put in the double quotes because remember we
need those when we are trying to stick some image source inside this tag and we're going to get the
poster property of the movie detail.
So here's that object that we're working with right now.
We want that poster property right there with a capital P so for the source.
I'll do dollar sign.
Curly braces and then movie detail dot poster with a capital P and I'll close off the image tag like
so okay.
So that's the first block.
Now we're going to add on something after the closing figure tag.
So after the closing figure tag I'll do a div with the class of media dash content was off the div.
Inside there I'll do a deal with the class of content those off the div and inside there I'll do an
H1.
I'm gonna reference once again a job script variable so dollar sign curly braces I'll get movie detail
dot title that's gimme the title the movie as usual.
Notice the capital T for title then do an H for an inside their movie detailed dot genre.
That's gonna be the genre of the movie so is it an action movie a mystery horror suspense drama whatever
else.
Then after the H for a paragraph with dollar sign curly brace and you want just be consistent.
This really should be on the same or a single line.
It's a dollar sign curly braces.
Movie dot plot that's going to be a plot summary of the movie I want to remind you that all these movie
detail properties so poster title genre and plot should all have starting capital letters let's save
this really quickly.
We're going to try to call movie template.
We're gonna pass in our movie detail that we just got back from the AP IP up here and then we're going
to append that somewhere into the dom.
So we're essentially just going to test out just that snippet right there.
We're not done with all the e-mail that we need but we've got enough that we should just do a very quick
test to make sure that we don't have anything too crazy.
OK.
So the first thing we need to do is to make sure that we have somewhere to render this template inside
of our dom.
So I going to go back into my index start each simple file right after my autocomplete element.
I'm gonna put in a div with an I.D. of summary.
We are going to eventually replace this element but we're going to leave it here for now.
For testing purposes and then back inside of index dot J.S. I will find on Ruby select I'm going to
delete the console log I'll do a document dot query selector and we're gonna do a selector of pound
and get that element that we just put in there.
Summary
and I'll say inter each CML will be essentially that string right there.
So to get that string we're going to call movie template and we'll pass in response dot data which is
that big movie object that we just saw at our console just a moment ago.
All right.
So let's save this.
We'll go back over and just do a quick test.
Again this is just to make sure that we don't have any errors in the HDMI that we just wrote out.
So I will again go for Avengers like it and I think I've got a typo somewhere because it says here movie
is not defined so I definitely accidentally wrote out movie instead of Oh yeah right there I'm mistake
put movie instead of movie detail that's better.
It's going to save that let's try it again Avengers click it.
There we go.
All right.
So we've got something on the screen and it looks kind of reasonable right now and it looks very similar
or somewhat similar to what we said we were trying to build right there.
OK.
So this is good progress.
Let's take a quick pause right here.
When we come back the next video we're gonna start to write out another block of HD e-mail to show all
the stats about the movie underneath what we have so far.
So a quick pause and I'll see you in just a minute.